Each page must have at least two semantic tags (header, nav, footer, etc)
Each page must validate at validator.w3.org.
Each page must be responsive -- there must be at least two unique views
You must have at least 4 images on one of your pages. (If this requirement doesn't "fit" your portfolio plan, please just make an extra page that fulfills it. You can always unlink it after you have been peer -graded.
Each page must be styled. The goal is not to impress, but to show competence. So add enough to show that you know how to write CSS rules. But peer-review with the knowledge that not everything will be beautiful.
Grading:
Does the site validate? 10pts
Is the site responsive? 20pts
Is the site well-styled? 10pts
Are the images incorporated effectively? 5pts
Successfully demonstrated the ability to enhance their site? 40pts
Does the site validate?
10pts – Fully validates (warnings are fine)
8 pts – There are errors, but the student has shown (in their write-up or video) that they are caused by plugins and can not be fixed.
6 pts – There are at most 3 errors for the entire site
3pts – They have only shown that part of the site validates. (For instance, only tested one of the files in a multi-file site.)
0 pts – More than three errors were left or the site was not tested at all.
Is the site responsive?
20pts Yes, the site has a unique look/layout for each of the views.
10pts The site has a unique look, but not a unique layout. (For example, they changed only colors of fonts, not the actual layout.)
6pts Only some of the pages are responsive - not all of them.
0pts The site is not responsive
Is the site well-styled?
This is very objective. It should be difficult to score a high score, but not difficult to receive the majority of the points. It is important that everyone create a unique style sheet, even if using a template or framework. Look for feedback in Week Five to improve your score.

10pts – The site is incredibly well-styled and the author went beyond the required (animation, hovering, etc done with CSS)
8pt – The site is very well-styled. The content has a layout that is easy to follow and a variety of colors and fonts were used. -- Most students can expect to receive this score.
4pts – The styling is lacking or the author relied almost exclusively on a template/framework.
0pts – Less than 9 unique CSS rules were used.
Enhancements!!
You need to add four elements to your site that are unique – something beyond what we did in the four previous courses. You are encouraged to be as creative as you would like (and creative does not need to mean time-intensive). Some options for these "extras" include:
git tested
Add custom JavaScript (e.g. incorporate dynamic content, use JS to perform verification, modify the DOM)
Enhance the accessibility of your page (e.g. put your site through the some subset of the WebAim quick evaluation reference - http://webaim.org/resources/evalquickref/)
Incorporate plugins (e.g. Google Calendar, a map, parallax, etc.) You will need to show what you did other than just copying code. Did you need to change any of the attributes? Change any of the links?
Include a Carousel for your images (don't forget to turn off the automatic start feature if you can!!)
Use a sticky footer to create a consistent look across different browser heights (we usually only consider widths…)
Add a third viewport layout (e.g. a table view that is different than mobile or large-screen)
Again, these are just suggestions, please feel free to let your own creativity be your guide.

Each extra will be worth 10 pts, for a total of 40 pts.

Color Schemes: https://coolors.co/
Images/Icons: https://thenounproject.com/, http://fontawesome.io/ (this is covered in a later lecture)
Creative Commons: https://creativecommons.org/
Fonts: https://www.fontsquirrel.com/, http://www.dafont.com/

Cloud based "Maker Portfolio" - an interactive library of IT projects and
experiments that can be shared for fun, college entry, career progression, etc.
Targeted for IT architects and explorers that want to retain their work
long-term.
